annot: mix chicken stock, sugar
ACTID: 0
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] chicken stock (-1), sugar (-1)
annot: Add the white vinegar, hoi sin sauce
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the white vinegar (-1), hoi sin sauce (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: mix
ACTID: 2
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food]  (1)
annot: mix the corn starch to thicken it
ACTID: 3
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the corn starch (-1)
[PP, food, ] (2)
annot: Pour the flour, black pepper on chicken dice
ACTID: 4
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food]  the flour (-1), black pepper (-1)
[PP, food, on] chicken dice (-1)
annot: stir
ACTID: 5
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: Add the egg white to the chicken too
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the egg white (-1)
[PP, food, to] the chicken (5)
annot: Coat the chicken in the corn starch
ACTID: 7
PRED: coat
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (6)
[PP, food, in] the corn starch (-1)
annot: Fry the chicken in hot oil in a pan
ACTID: 8
PRED: fry
[DOBJ, food] the chicken (7)
[PP, food, in] hot oil in a pan (-1)
annot: heat the sesame oil, ginger slice, minced garlic, green onion and chili pepper in the pan
ACTID: 9
PRED: heat
[DOBJ, food] the sesame oil (-1), ginger slice (-1), minced garlic (-1), green onion (-1), chili pepper (-1)
[PP, food, in] the pan (-1)
annot: Pour the prepared sauce in the pan
ACTID: 10
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the prepared sauce (3)
[PP, food, in] the pan (9)
annot: Add in the fried chicken
ACTID: 11
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the fried chicken (8)
[PP, food, in] (10)
annot: stir it well to serve
ACTID: 12
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] it (11)